(DOCSP-26893) Adds page/section for automating processes (#136)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/atlas-cli-automate.txt

script on the version of the {+atlas-cli+} that you currently run.
**Don't** build automatic upgrades for the {+atlas-cli+} into your
script because new {+atlas-cli+} releases could introduce breaking
changes, which could break your automated processes.

Instead, check release notes for deprecated features and
breaking changes before you manually upgrade your version of the 
{+atlas-cli+}.

.. _atlas-cli-redirect-stderr:

Redirect ``stderr``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The {+atlas-cli+} prints error messages and command deprecation
warnings in the output for commands. These unanticipated error messages
and warnings can cause issues for your automated processes that
anticipate a specific output. To prevent issues, you can redirect
``stderr`` to an output file in your script.

For example, the following command redirects the ``stderr`` output from
a script called ``myScript.sh`` to a text file called ``error.txt``:

.. code-block::

   myScript.sh 2> error.txt

In the previous example, all error messages and deprecation warnings
are stored in ``error.txt`` and don't display in the output, so
they don't disrupt your automated processes.

> Command deprecation messages are similar to the following text:

Reviewer: Nit: I just had another idea for words here, this it def not blocking, up to you if you wanna use them or leave it.
```suggestion
Command deprecation notices are similar to the following message:
```

=========================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

You can use the {+atlas-cli+} in scripts to automate processes. Use the
following resources and best practices as guidance when you automate
a process using scripts with the {+atlas-cli+}. 

To learn how to connect to the {+atlas-cli+} programmatically, see
the :guilabel:`Programmatic User` tabs on :ref:`connect-atlas-cli`.

Resources for Automation with the {+atlas-cli+}
-----------------------------------------------

.. list-table:: 
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 40 60

   * - Resource
     - Objective

   * - :ref:`atlas-cli-env-vars`
     - Set environment variables that you can define once and use
       across all of your scripts.

   * - :ref:`go-template-output`
     - Use Go templates or |json| paths to customize the output from
       the {+atlas-cli+}. You can include the anticipated custom output in your scripts.

Best Practices for Automation with the {+atlas-cli+}
----------------------------------------------------

Follow these best practices when you automate processes with the

> {+atlas-cli+}:

Reviewer: Nit: Not sure we need this sentence, but also will def not die on this hill. Up to you. :)
